Autopopulate aperture photometry stats for JWST images (#1549)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/imviz/plugins.rst

   If this field is not applicable for you, leave it at 0.
   **This field resets every time Data selection changes.**
8. If you also want photometry result in magnitude unit, you can enter a flux
   scaling factor in the :guilabel:`Flux scaling` field.
   :guilabel:`Flux scaling` is populated for JWST images

>    if "bunit_data" is a key in the `meta` attribute of the image. The value used

Reviewer: I suggest change to wording that explains the *intent* instead of the *how*.
```suggestion
   if MJy/sr data unit is detected and pixel area is given to factor out the per-steradian unit. The value used
```

Reviewer: p.s. RTD failure would go away if you accept this suggestion.
